## Fund Structure

### Summary

`Limited Partners` or LPs are the ones who inject capital into the fund. LPs can
be Institutional investors, Corporations, Family Offices, wealthy individuals,
endowments of any class or governments through different mechanisms.

The `Fund` is a legal structure where the capital is allocated, and has a clear
[investment policy](../investment_policy/README.md) that can be monitored and
followed. Its main goal is to serve as a vehicle of investments into startups
that meet its criteria. And ultimately to yield attractive returns to its
`Limited Partners`, so that they can be satisfied with their investments and
renew their commitment in the future with joy and conviction.

On the top of the organizational structure lies the `General Partner`. Her role
is to ensure that the `Fund` operation meets its goals, that the `Limited
Partners` are satisfied with the portfolio of companies that the `Fund` has
invested in, and also to make sure that the team is constantly searching
for the best available opportunities.

There is a **Fund Portfolio**, which is comprised by all the investments made
by the fund. It is the `Investment Manager`s responsibility to manage the needs
of those companies accurately and to help them grow so that they can meet their
milestones and in the long run become profitable companies. Each `Investment
Manager` has a portfolio of companies, and it is her job to be scraping for
new opportunities that may appear any time. When she finds one prospect, it is
her job to make a presentation to the whole team and to try to convince that it
is a good match for the `Fund`.

Last but not least, the `Advisor` plays a key role when it comes to making
right and informed decisions. The `Fund` team relies on different `Advisor`s in
order to understand the value propositions of certain companies, its potential
and also to judge certain calls that the company might be interested in doing.
Having the right `Advisors` empowers the Team and allows them to gain
understanding and a better judgement in an uncertain and challenging
environment as the one we currently live in is.


### Architecture

![fund_structure](./fund_structure.png)

### References

[EVCA Handbook](https://www.investeurope.eu/uploadedFiles/Home/Toolbox/Industry_Standards/EVCA_Handbook_Januari_2012.pdf)
